# Where to Start
 The first place to start is with building your resume. It doesn't matter where you are applying for a hackathon or an internship the first and most important place to start is your resume. My resume will be here in this repo so you can see mine and possibly use it as a reference but realistically yours will be much different as we have different experiences and backgrounds. If you school has a carrer services you should definitely take advantage of that and have them help you build and refine your resume. The next important step is getting your LinkedIn up to date with your resume. LinkedIn is the most powerful platform that will expose you to recurites and let you make meaningful connections with them. In all, to better your chances of being see is having a solid resume and solid LinkedIn. Here's a link to my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eliseo-garcia-reyes/) so you can send me a connection request. 


# JPMorgan Hackathon : DEADLINE IN ABOUT 2 WEEKS
The application for the hackathon closes around 10/21, I believe, so we would really get on the process of getting your resume and linkedIn up to date. This hackathon does have an application process, I personally never applied for the hackathon because I didn't know about it but it's definitely an amazing oppurtunity to meet the recuiters here in Plano and streamline the process for you to land the Summer Internship. More than likely you'll be asked to complete some coding questions after applying. If it's the same platform they use for the Internship then you'll be given a question and once you submit your final response you'll be prompted to record a quick video of how you came to solution and explain your steps. With those explanations one of the most important things to say is to mention how you were able to improve your runtime. For example 'My initial approach to solving this question was using so and so method but then I noticed I could use dyanmic programming to sovle this question was able to cut down the runtime from so and so runtime to (O)n^2' . You will need to know how to give a rough estimate of runtime so it would good to brush up on that. The company also does cover travel expenses if I am not mistaken and it will pretty much be a standard hackathon where you'll be placed on a team and have 24hours to create something. I would say the most important thing about the hackathon is leaving your mark, standing out and neccessairly in a technical way. It's going to be all about the connections you make with the recuiters and the other employees that will be there, being personable and being able to create a social connection with them will take you the distance. Again, the hackathon is pretty much a streamlined proccess to land the Internship. Here is the link to the [Hackathon](https://jpmc.fa.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1001/job/210325710).

# JPMorgan Summer Internship
The Summer Internship application process starts with a link they send for you to complete a program which is supposed to find out about your personality. After that step you'll be sent a link to complete the coding questions just like I mentioned in the hackathon portion. After that, you'll be sent another link which if I remember are some general behavioral questions which you just video record your responses. Once they review all that information and you get passed the inital screening then you'll be invited to the interview superday. Basically it's like a 3 hour process and it's broken down into two interviews. One interview will be technical, the interviewer will give you 1-2 coding questions that you'll have to walk through with them on how you would solve it. The interviewers here won't ask you to write it out but just talk it out with them. A rule of thumb is always start to solve it with a method that has a slow runtime then be like 'Actually, this can be solved with a faster runtime using so and so method' and then finish out your explanation with the faster runtime. Usually at the end of the question they will ask you if you can think of a way on how to improve your solution. Usually in that case they are asking for a faster solution. Once you finish the coding questions they will begin to do rapid fire questions typically about Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures, and Operating Systems (think pipes, threads, multiprocess applications, etc). I remeber I found some Geeks For Geeks pages that more in detail specifics about the common question as soon as I find them again I will add them to this document. Overall, don't be too intimidated they are very lenient with the people applying for the internship. The most important things again, are to be personable, social, smile, and overall turn the interview into more of just a normal conversation. The second interview is totally behaviorable, just stand "What would you do in this situation?" type questions. Again, be social and output good/high energy and it'll be no sweat. The intership is paid, I believe right now it should be around $43 an hour. They give out a lump sum bonus before the start date to basically cover your housing during the internship. While filling out the application be sure and put Plano as your number 1 preffered location for number 2 put Ohio because they are also hiring alot over there. For the intership I can recommend you to the recuiters and also one of the managers I work with. That manager, Ram, requests interns every year. If he takes up my recommendation then you would have to do a light technical screening with him and he could specifically request for you to intern as well as for you to be placed in his team (I interned under him he's a super nice person). The link to the [Internship](https://jpmc.fa.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1001/job/210321355) 


# Other Internships
It's best to not put all your eggs in one basket so I will attach links to applications for internship at other companies here. 

